LAND'S SAKES!
WHAT TIME IS IT?
OH, NEVER MIND
THE TIME.
LOOKY HERE.
IS IT?
IT'S FROM YOUR BOY.
IT'S FROM CHARLES.
A LETTER CAME
FROM YOUR FATHER TODAY.
OH. DECIDED NOT
TO COME
ALREADY, HUH?
HE'S AS STUBBORN
AS I AM.
CHARLES.
I KNOW YOU'RE
DISAPPOINTED.
HE STILL MAY
CHANGE HIS MIND.
YOU WAIT TILL
MA WORKS ON HIM
A LITTLE BIT.
SHE'LL G--
MAMA.
WE'LL BE JUST FINE
WHILE YOU'RE GONE.
WELL, AREN'T YOU
GOING TO BRING
THAT STUBBORN OLD
PRIDEFUL FATHER
OF YOURS OUT HERE?
WHO DOES
HE THINK HE IS,
COMING BACK HERE
AND ACCUSING ME
OF NOT TREATING
PA RIGHT?
IT'S WELL AND GOOD
FOR HIM
LIVING HALFWAY
ACROSS THE WORLD
AWAY FROM ALL THIS!
PETER, I'M NOT ACCUSING
YOU OF ANYTHING.
I'M JUST TRYING
TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT'S BEST FOR PA.
AND I'M TRYING
TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT'S BEST FOR ME
AND MY FAMILY!
PA! PA!
PAPA!
PAPA, GET UP!
PAPA, COME ON!
[SIGH]
IF YOU ONLY KNEW.
BREAKFAST
IS READY, PA.
I FORGOT
TO TELL YOUR MA.
I GOT TO GO
TO THE MILL EARLY
THIS MORNING.
ON SATURDAY?
I MISSED A LOT
OF DAYS, DARLING.
I GOT TO MAKE THEM UP.
OH. WELL, I'LL GO
SEE IF GRANDPA'S
READY FOR BREAKFAST.
WE GOT
A PROBLEM, PA.
YEAH? WHAT IS IT?
CARRIE'S TURKEY.
LOOKS ALL
RIGHT TO ME.
GOING TO LOOK
A LOT BETTER IN
A COUPLE OF WEEKS
ON THE DINNER TABLE.
WELL, THAT'S
THE PROBLEM.
CARRIE DOESN'T KNOW
HE'S GOING TO BE
ON THE TABLE.
SHE THINKS HE'S GOING
TO BE AT THE TABLE.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
WELL, IT'S KIND OF
HARD TO EXPLAIN
HOW SHE GOT MIXED UP,
BUT SHE THINKS THAT
THAT TURKEY'S HER PET.
SHE DOESN'T KNOW
WE'RE GOING TO EAT IT.
THAT'S THE SILLIEST
THING I EVER HEARD.
MAYBE, BUT SHE
LOVES THAT TURKEY.
IT WOULD BREAK
HER HEART IF ANYTHING
HAPPENED TO IT.
SOMETHING'S
GOING TO HAPPEN
TO IT IN TWO WEEKS.
I WISH THERE
WAS SOMETHING
WE COULD DO.
AFRAID THERE ISN'T.
I'LL TALK TO HER
WHEN I GET BACK.
TELL YOUR MA
I WON'T BE LATE.
YES, SIR. SEE YOU!
BYE-BYE!
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Laura: GRANDPA,
ARE YOU AWAKE?
YES, CHILD.
GOOD MORNING.
DID YOU HAVE
A GOOD SLEEP?
FINE, JUST FINE.
MA WANTED ME
TO TELL YOU THAT
BREAKFAST IS READY.
OH, ALL RIGHT.
I SURE HOPE
YOU'RE HUNGRY
'CAUSE PA DIDN'T EAT,
AND THERE'S A LOT.
I'LL DO MY BEST.
CAN I ASK YOU
A QUESTION,
GRANDPA?
SURE. I DON'T
KNOW THAT I CAN
ANSWER IT.
WELL, ARE PAS
ALWAYS SUPPOSED
TO BE RIGHT?
WELL, MOST
OF THE TIME
THEY ARE, MM-HMM.
BUT NOT
ALL THE TIME?
NO! I'M AFRAID NOT.
THE REASON
I ASKED IS WE
GOT A PROBLEM.
UH-HUH.
WELL, ACTUALLY, IT'S
CARRIE'S PROBLEM,
BUT IT'S KIND OF
EVERYBODY'S PROBLEM
BECAUSE CARRIE'S
A MEMBER OF
THE FAMILY.
WELL, I TOLD
PA ABOUT IT,
AND I'M AFRAID
HE JUST DOESN'T
UNDERSTAND HOW
SERIOUS IT IS.
I KNOW THIS
SOUNDS BAD,
BUT I DON'T THINK
HE'S GOING TO DO
THE RIGHT THING
ABOUT IT.
WELL, YOUR PA'S
A PRETTY SMART MAN.
OH, I KNOW THAT,
BUT YOU JUST SAID
THAT PAS AREN'T
RIGHT ALL THE TIME,
DIDN'T YOU?
YEAH, BUT RIGHT
OR WRONG,
A BODY'S GOT TO DO
WHAT THEIR PA SAYS.
I SUPPOSE.
WAIT A MINUTE!
THAT'S IT!
WHAT, CHILD?
WELL, YOU JUST
SAID THAT A BODY'S
GOT TO DO
WHATEVER
HIS PA SAYS.
UH-HUH.
WELL, IF I TOLD
YOU THE PROBLEM,
MAYBE YOU
COULD THINK
OF A BETTER IDEA,
ONE THAT'S MORE
RIGHT THAN PA'S.
OH, HOLD ON, NOW.
YOUR PA'S ALREADY
MADE A DECISION.
OH, I KNOW THAT,
BUT YOU'RE PA'S PA.
HE HAS TO DO WHAT
YOU TELL HIM TO.
BESIDES,
IF PAS ARE SMART,
THEN PAS' PAS
ARE EVEN SMARTER.
WELL, NOW, I--
Caroline: LAURA!
THERE YOU ARE.
GOOD MORNING, GRANDPA.
-GOOD MORNING!
-BREAKFAST'S GETTING COLD!
HERE WE COME.
GOOD.
CAN I TELL YOU
THE PROBLEM
AFTER BREAKFAST?
PLEASE?
ALL RIGHT.
[TURKEYS CLUCKING]
I'M GOING TO
MISS HIM.
I KNOW, BUT IT'S JUST NOT
THE SAME THING.
I MEAN, YOU WOULDN'T
WANT TO BE TAKEN AWAY
FROM YOUR FOLKS
AND YOUR SISTERS
AND MADE TO LIVE
WITH TURKEYS, WOULD YOU?
NO.
WELL, TURKEYS
FEEL THE SAME WAY.
THEY DON'T WANT
TO BE TAKEN AWAY
FROM THEIR FAMILIES
AND MADE TO LIVE
WITH PEOPLE.
I SUPPOSE
YOU'RE RIGHT.
OH, I KNOW I AM.
NOW, YOU SAY GOOD-BYE
AND THEN LEAVE HIM, HUH?
I'M GOING TO
MISS YOU, TOM.
SHE SURE LOOKS
SAD, DON'T SHE?
NOT HALF AS SAD
AS SHE'D LOOK
IF THAT TURKEY
SHOWED UP ON THE TABLE
COME THANKSGIVING.
[GOBBLES]
GRANDPA, HE'S HAPPY!
HE MUST HAVE FOUND
HIS MA AND PA!
OH, HE HAS, LITTLE ONE,
HE HAS.
THANK YOU, GRANDPA.
IT'S A PLEASURE, CHILD.
HA HA HA!
WHAT?
OH, I DON'T KNOW--
THE YOUNG'UNS.
THE YOUNG'UNS?
YOU'RE JUST AS BAD
AS THEY ARE.
I KNOW!
WHAT IF I WAS TO TELL YOU
SOMETHING FOOLISH?
COME ON, PA.
AFTER BRINGING
A TURKEY BACK
TO ITS FOLKS,
WHAT COULD YOU
TELL ME THAT'D
SOUND FOOLISH?
WELL, THAT'S
JUST IT.
IT MEANT
SOMETHING TO ME.
SILLY THING LIKE THAT.
LAURA COME TO ME
WITH A PROBLEM,
AND IT MEANT
SOMETHING TO ME.
I'VE BEEN THINKING...
WOULD YOU MIND
IF I DID A LITTLE FIXING
ON THE SOD HOUSE?
PA, I TOLD YOU WE'D
START THAT ROOM
ANYTIME YOU SAY.
NO. NO RUSH ON THAT.
NO, I WAS THINKING
OF JUST ADDING ON
A PORCH UP THERE.
WE'LL START
TOMORROW.
OH, YOU'VE GOT PLENTY OF
YOUR OWN WORK TO DO.
BESIDES, HALF-PINT SAID
SHE'D GIVE ME A HAND.
IF THAT'S
ALL RIGHT WITH YOU.
JUST DON'T
LET HER TURN IT
INTO A TREE HOUSE.
HA HA HA!
SO MUCH LIKE YOUR MA.
SO MUCH LIKE HER.
WELL, BEST
THIS OLD MAN TURN IN.
THANK YOU, SON.
-GOOD NIGHT, PA.
-GOOD NIGHT.
THERE, NOW.
THAT'S DONE IT.
AH! SOLID
AS A ROCK.
NOW WE GOT
TO STAND BACK
AND LOOK AT IT.
NOT YET.
WE STILL HAVE TO
PUT UP THESE FLOWERS.
OH, YOU'RE RIGHT!
I PLUMB FORGOT.
WE'LL PUT THIS ONE
IN THE MIDDLE SINCE
IT'S THE PRETTIEST.
YEAH.
NOW WE CAN STAND
BACK AND LOOK.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
Laura: IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
IT'S THE PRETTIEST
SODDY I'VE EVER SEEN.
WE HAD A PORCH
LIKE THAT ONCE.
I KIND OF COPIED
THAT ONE FROM MEMORY--
FIRST HOUSE I BUILT
FOR YOUR GRANDMA.
OH, I WAS SO PROUD
OF THAT PORCH--
FANCIER THAN
THIS ONE, MIND YOU.
THE HOUSE MUST HAVE
BEEN BEAUTIFUL.
WELL, THE HOUSE
WASN'T ALL THAT GRAND
ONCE YOU GOT PAST
THE PORCH,
BUT WHEN I MARRIED
YOUR GRANDMA,
I PROMISED HER
A FINE HOME.
I COULD SEE IT
ALL IN MY HEAD.
I COULD ACTUALLY
LIE IN BED
AND SEE IT
RIGHT UP THERE
ON THE CEILING--
A BIG KITCHEN...
SEPARATE FROM
THE DINING ROOM,
A BEDROOM
FOR EVERY CHILD,
FURNITURE...
OH, NOT HOMEMADE,
STORE-BOUGHT,
STUFFED AND TUFTED.
ALL I EVER GAVE HER
WAS A LITTLE HOUSE
WITH A BIG FRONT PORCH.
[CHUCKLES]
I'M SURE GRANDMA
WOULDN'T MIND
ALL THOSE THINGS.
I WOULDN'T,
AND YOU SAID
YOURSELF,
I'M JUST LIKE
GRANDMA.
JUST LIKE HER.
I'M SURE GRANDMA
WOULD HAVE LOVED
ANY OLD HOUSE,
JUST AS LONG
AS SHE WAS THERE
WITH YOU.
SHE'S ALL
READY TO GO.
I'M WATCHING.
LET'S PRETEND
IT'S A RACE.
YOU SAY
"READY? SET? GO!"
ALL RIGHT.
READY? SET? GO!
[LAUGHING]
HA HA HA!
LAURA!
[HORSE NEIGHING]
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
I THINK SO.
YOU FEEL
ANY BONES BROKE?
NO. I JUST
KIND OF GOT
THE WIND
KNOCKED OUT OF ME.
OH, THANK GOD! YOU SCARED
ME HALF TO DEATH.
THAT FENCE
WASN'T THERE BEFORE.
[HORSE WHINNIES]
BUNNY?
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
IT'LL BE
ALL RIGHT, GIRL.
LAURA, GO
AND GET YOUR PA.
TELL HIM
BUNNY'S HURT.
CAN'T SHE
GET UP, GRANDPA?
I DON'T KNOW
FOR SURE,
BUT YOU GO GET
YOUR PA.
HE SHOULD BE
HOME BY NOW.
BUNNY WILL BE
ALL RIGHT. I PROMISE.
ALL RIGHT, GIRL,
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
PA!
HALF-PINT,
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
-YOU GOT TO COME.
-WHAT IS IT? IS IT GRANDPA?
NO. IT'S BUNNY.
SHE'S HURT BAD,
REAL BAD.
IT WAS A WIRE FENCE.
I DIDN'T SEE IT.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
IT'S ALL RIGHT. YOU GO ON.
GET IN THE WAGON.
FOOLS AND
THEIR FENCES.
OH, CHARLES.
I DON'T KNOW HOW BAD
THE HORSE IS HURT.
HOW BAD DOES
IT LOOK, PA?
I WANTED YOU
TO CHECK.
[BUNNY GROANING]
[WHISPERING]
EASY, GIRL.
EASY.
WE'RE GOING TO
MAKE YOU ALL
RIGHT, BUNNY.
YOU'RE GOING
TO BE JUST FINE.
PA, I WANT YOU
TO TAKE LAURA
ON HOME.
NO, PA. NO.
I'M SORRY,
HALF-PINT. BUNNY'S
HURT TOO BAD.
THERE'S NOTHING
I CAN DO.
NO!
HALF-PINT, THERE'S
NOTHING I CAN DO.
NOW, I WANT
YOU TO GO HOME
WITH YOUR GRANDPA.
PLEASE, PA.
PLEASE.
PLEASE DON'T DO IT.
GO WITH YOUR
GRANDFATHER NOW.
GRANDPA?
PLEASE. PLEASE
DON'T LET HIM DO IT.
HE HAS TO
LISTEN TO YOU.
YOU'RE HIS PA.
DON'T LET HIM DO IT.
CHILD, I...
YOU SAID YOU'D
MAKE HER ALL RIGHT.
YOU PROMISED.
HALF-PINT,
I WANT YOU TO GO HOME
WITH YOUR GRANDPA.
NO.
YOU PROMISED, GRANDPA.
YOU SAID YOU'D
MAKE HER ALL RIGHT.
PLEASE MAKE HER BETTER!
I KNOW YOU CAN DO IT.
YOU PROMISED.
PA, TAKE HER HOME.
NO, I'LL TEND
THE HORSE.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
I'LL TEND HER.
I PROMISED.
PA, SHE'S ALL BROKEN UP.
SHE'S IN PAIN!
I GOT TO TRY.
HALF-PINT, YOU LEAVE
YOUR GRANDPA AND ME
ALONE FOR A MINUTE.
DON'T LET HIM
DO ANYTHING,
GRANDPA.
I WON'T, CHILD.
WHY ARE YOU DOING
THIS TO ME, PA?
SHE LOVES ME.
SHE EXPECTS ME
TO MAKE IT RIGHT.
BUT YOU CAN'T.
YOU DON'T KNOW THAT!
COME ON, PA.
WE BOTH KNOW THAT!
NOW, YOU GOT TO TELL HER.
YOU GOT HER THINKING
YOU CAN DO SOMETHING.
I CAN'T PUT THAT POOR
ANIMAL OUT OF ITS MISERY
UNTIL YOU TELL HER THERE'S
NOTHING ELSE WE CAN DO.
I CAN'T.
YOU CAN AND YOU WILL.
WE'RE NOT PLAYING
SOME KIND OF A GAME NOW,
LIKE BRINGING A TURKEY
BACK TO ITS FOLKS.
THERE'S AN ANIMAL
LYING THERE IN PAIN
ON ACCOUNT OF YOU WANT
TO CONVINCE A CHILD
YOU CAN DO ANYTHING.
WELL, YOU CAN'T.
NOW, YOU'RE
GOING TO TELL HER.
YOU TELL HER, PA.
BUNNY'S GOING
TO BE ALL RIGHT,
ISN'T SHE, GRANDPA?
I'M...
I'M AFRAID SHE...
I'M AFRAID SHE'S WORSE
OFF THAN I FIGURED.
IT'LL JUST
TAKE HER LONGER
TO MEND, THEN.
NO, CHILD...
SHE WON'T MEND.
BUT YOU PROMISED.
YOU SAID YOU'D
MAKE HER BETTER.
WELL, I WANTED HER
TO BE ALL RIGHT. I--
HALF-PINT,
YOU GO HOME NOW.
YOU GO HOME
WITH YOUR GRANDPA.
NO. I WON'T GO
WITH HIM.
HE LIED.
HE PROMISED ME,
BUT HE JUST LIED.
[GUNSHOT]
PA, COME ON, NOW.
LET'S HAVE A CUP OF COFFEE.
NO, I...
I'M TIRED.
ISN'T GRANDPA
COMING TO SUPPER?
NO.
ISN'T HE
HUNGRY TONIGHT?
NO, NOT TONIGHT.
SHE'S ASLEEP.
DEAR LORD,
HELP US THIS DAY.
WE'VE LOST
A DEAR FRIEND.
WE PRAY THAT YOU'LL
GIVE US STRENGTH
IN OUR SORROW...
THAT YOU'LL HELP
TO HEAL THE GREAT PAIN
IN OUR LITTLE GIRL.
WE THANK YOU,
LORD, FOR ALL YOUR
BLESSINGS, O LORD.
AMEN.
CARRIE'S READY, MA.
THANK YOU, MARY.
CHARLES,
YOU READY?
YEP.
I JUST
HAVE TO PUT
ON MY BONNET.
-I'LL GET GRANDPA.
-THANK YOU.
LAURA, WILL YOU
TAKE THE PICNIC
BASKET?
YES, MA'AM.
I MADE AN EXTRA
PIE JUST FOR
MR. EDWARDS.
YOU CAN SURPRISE
HIM WITH IT.
DO I HAVE TO GO, MA?
I DON'T FEEL
MUCH LIKE GOING.
MARY, WILL YOU TAKE
CARRIE AND WAIT
IN THE WAGON?
YES, MA.
COME ON, CARRIE.
LAURA...
I KNOW HOW
YOU'RE FEELING...
BUT WHEN
WE HAVE A REALLY
DEEP HURT,
GOD IS THE ONE
WHO CAN REALLY
HELP.
HE HAS
THE STRENGTH
TO HELP US.
GIVE HIM A CHANCE
TO HELP YOU.
THAT'S MY GIRL.
PA?
PA, WE'RE READY!
NO, YOU--
YOU GO AHEAD.
COME ON WITH US,
PLEASE, PA.
WE'RE GOING TO
PICNIC AFTERWARDS.
PA?
CHARLES, YOU WANT A CHAW?
NO, THANKS.
I KNOW IT'S A NASTY HABIT.
GRACE KEEPS PESTERING
ME TO QUIT.
YOU KNOW, IT MAKES
MORE SENSE TO ME
THAN SMOKING, THOUGH.
I NEVER COULD FIGURE
OUT WHY PEOPLE DO
A THING LIKE THAT.
ROLL LEAVES UP IN PAPER,
STICK IT IN THEIR FACE,
AND SET FIRE TO IT.
WHAT DO YOU SUPPOSE
POSSESSES THEM TO DO
A THING LIKE THAT?
SHE'S HURTING NOW.
SHE'LL GET OVER IT.
DID WHAT YOU HAD
TO DO, CHARLES.
I KNOW.
SHE JUST LOVED
THAT HORSE SO MUCH.
I'M AS WORRIED
ABOUT HER AS I AM
ABOUT PA.
LAURA'S BECOME
HIS WHOLE LIFE
THESE LAST
FEW WEEKS,
LAUGHING
AND SMILING AGAIN
JUST LIKE HE DID
WHEN I WAS A KID.
THEN THIS
HAD TO HAPPEN.
SHOULD HAVE
SEEN HIS FACE
YESTERDAY...
REMINDED ME
OF WHEN HE LOST
THE FARM.
I WAS 11 OR 12
YEARS OLD,
I GUESS, AND A MAN
CAME BY THE HOUSE,
AND HE SAID
WE HAVE TO GET OUT.
PA ASKED HIM
IF HE COULD TALK
TO HIM OUTSIDE.
KEPT LOOKING OVER
AT ME, WISHING I--
WISHING I WOULDN'T
BE ABLE TO HEAR IT.
THE MAN JUST SAID,
"THERE'S NOTHING
ELSE TO TALK ABOUT,"
AND HE LEFT.
MY PA JUST
STOOD THERE...
AND HE GOT OLD.
STANDING THERE
IN THE LIVING ROOM,
AND HE...
JUST GOT OLD.
I'M GOING TO GO
FOR A WALK.
YOU KNOW, SITTING
THERE IN CHURCH TODAY,
I GOT TO
THINKING BACK.
THAT'S ONE THING
I LIKE ABOUT
SILENT PRAYING...
YOU CAN TALK
TO THE LORD
RIGHT THE WAY
YOU'RE FEELING,
INSTEAD OF THE WAY
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO FEEL.
GOT TO THINKING BACK
TO WHEN I LOST MY WIFE
AND DAUGHTER,
HOW I BLAMED
GOD FOR IT.
OH, I DID.
JUST FLAT OUT BLAMED HIM.
DID YOU EVER BLAME
GOD FOR ANYTHING?
NO.
NO, I DIDN'T
FIGURE YOU DID.
PROBABLY WOULD HAVE
BLAMED SOMEBODY ELSE.
WASN'T ANYBODY ELSE
AROUND TO BLAME.
WASN'T GOING
TO BLAME ME.
TOOK ME A LONG TIME
TO REALIZE...
WASN'T ANYBODY
TO BLAME.
SOME THINGS
JUST HAPPEN.
GRANDPA SHOULDN'T
HAVE LET HIM DO IT.
HE PROMISED ME
HE WOULDN'T LET
HIM DO IT.
WELL, WE'D ALL
LIKE TO KEEP ALL
THE PROMISES WE MAKE.
JUST AIN'T NO WAY
TO DO THAT...
ESPECIALLY THE PROMISES
WE MAKE TO FOLKS WE LOVE.
THEY'RE
THE HARDEST KIND.
SEE, BECAUSE WHEN...WHEN
YOU REALLY LOVE SOMEBODY,
YOU'D DO ANYTHING
TO MAKE THEM HAPPY.
THAT'S WHEN YOU
MAKE THE PROMISES
THERE AIN'T NO WAY
OF KEEPING.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR GRANDPA.
JUST LOVES
YOU TOO MUCH, THAT'S ALL.
I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T
MEAN IT.
OH, I KNOW.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
HEY, LOOKY HERE...
I KNOW YOU
DIDN'T MEAN IT.
YOU KNOW YOU DIDN'T
MEAN IT.
DON'T YOU THINK IT'S TIME
YOU TOLD YOUR GRANDPA?
I'M GOING TO GO
TELL HIM RIGHT NOW.
THAT-A GIRL.
WATCH YOUR STEP.
OKAY.
GRANDPA!
[VOICE OF GRANDPA]
MY DEAREST LAURA,
I MUST ASK YOU
TO FORGIVE ME.
JUST TRY TO UNDERSTAND.
ALL MY LIFE
I'VE BEEN MAKING PROMISES,
PROMISES I NEVER KEPT.
I DON'T KNOW WHY,
I JUST DID.
YOUR PA WAS RIGHT
ABOUT BUNNY.
I KNEW THAT
RIGHT FROM THE START.
THERE WAS NOTHING ELSE
HE COULD DO.
IT WAS HARD FOR HIM
BECAUSE HE LOVES YOU SO MUCH,
BUT HE DID IT
FOR BUNNY'S SAKE.
I MADE THAT PROMISE
FOR MY SAKE,
LIKE I DONE ALL MY LIFE,
BUT NO MORE--
GOD WILLING, NO MORE.
GOOD-BYE.
NO SIGN OF HIM, HUH?
NO.
JUST GOT BACK,
MYSELF.
YEAH, WELL, IT'S NO USE
LOOKING IN THE DARK.
IT'S NO USE, ANYWAY.
HE COULD HAVE GONE
IN ANY DIRECTION.
I'LL START OUT AGAIN
IN THE MORNING.
I TOLD YOU, IT'S NO USE.
HE WANTS IT THIS WAY,
WE'RE JUST GOING TO LET
HIM HAVE IT THIS WAY.
-CHARLES, YOU CAN'T.
-CAROLINE, I MEAN IT!
I MEAN IT.
IT'S HIS LIFE.
HE DOES WHAT
HE PLEASES WITH IT.
I'M TIRED!
I'LL COME BY
IN THE MORNING.
WHOA.
DIDN'T COME
BACK, HUH?
NO. UH-UH.
FIGURED I'D STOP
BY THIS MORNING
IN CASE YOU CHANGED
YOUR MIND ABOUT
LOOKING FOR HIM.
THANKS. I WOULD LIKE TO
STOP OVER IN SPRINGFIELD,
MAKE SURE HE DIDN'T
TAKE THAT TRAIN.
-LET'S GO.
-CHARLES...
IS LAURA OUT THERE?
NO. I HAVEN'T
SEEN HER.
MARY? MARY!
YES, MA?
WHAT TIME DID YOUR SISTER
GET UP THIS MORNING?
I DON'T KNOW, MA.
SHE WAS GONE
WHEN I WOKE UP.
DID SHE
SAY ANYTHING
LAST NIGHT?
NO. SHE JUST CRIED A LOT.
I GUESS
ON ACCOUNT OF BUNNY.
Charles: THAT HORSE--I WISH
I'D NEVER SET EYES ON IT!
TALKED TO HER
YESTERDAY.
SHE SEEMED
TO UNDERSTAND
ABOUT THE HORSE.
HOW COULD SHE UNDERSTAND
WHEN HER FATHER
KILLS THE MOST PRECIOUS
THING IN HER LIFE?
WE CAN'T WORRY
ABOUT GRANDPA NOW.
WE'LL FIND LAURA.
WE'LL START
OUT BY THE LAKE.
MARY, KEEP AN EYE ON CARRIE.
I'M GOING TO CHECK IN TOWN.
YES, MA'AM.
[TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING]
[BELL CLANGING]
PA!
-PA!
-SHE COME HOME?
NO, SIR, BUT LOOK.
OUR CHRISTMAS MONEY--
IT'S GONE.
WHAT'D HALF-PINT
NEED MONEY FOR?
I DON'T KNOW.
THERE WAS MORE
THAN $4.00 THERE.
THE TRAIN--
THE TICKET
FOR THE TRAIN.
SHE DIDN'T RUN
AWAY BECAUSE
OF BUNNY.
SHE WENT LOOKING
FOR GRANDPA.
TELL YOUR MA WE'LL
BE IN SPRINGFIELD.
YES, SIR.
Edwards: HYAH! HYAH!
HYAH! HYAH! HYAH!
HYAH!
HYAH! HYAH!
MISTER?
OH.
CAN I HELP YOU?
YES, SIR.
I'M LOOKING FOR
MY GRANDFATHER.
HE MIGHT HAVE
TAKEN A TRAIN
TO WISCONSIN.
WELL, WE HAD ONE PULL
OUT THIS AFTERNOON.
YOU THINK YOU MIGHT
REMEMBER HIM?
WE HAD A LOT OF FOLKS
GET ON THAT TRAIN,
LITTLE LADY.
WELL,
HE'S KIND OF OLD,
AND HE HAS
A MUSTACHE.
HE'S PROBABLY
WEARING A BLUE COAT.
YOU HOLD ON A MINUTE.
YOU COME
AROUND BACK HERE.
THAT HIM?
YES, SIR.
FOUND HIM LYING
BY THE TRACKS.
YOU BEST TELL HIM
NOT TO TRY AND HOP
ON A FREIGHT TRAIN
AT HIS AGE.
IS HE ALL RIGHT?
Clerk: YEAH, YEAH.
HE'S JUST BUSHED.
I BROUGHT HIM
IN HERE,
AND HE'S BEEN
SLEEPING EVER SINCE.
I'LL, UH, LEAVE
YOU TWO ALONE.
THANK YOU, SIR.
GRANDPA?
WHY DID YOU
COME HERE?
BECAUSE I HAD
TO FIND YOU.
I HAD TO TELL YOU.
YOU GOT NOTHING
TO TELL ME.
YES, I DO.
I HAVE TO TELL
YOU I'M SORRY.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU TOLD ME.
I WANT YOU TO
COME HOME WITH ME.
NO. I CAN'T.
WHY?
BECAUSE...
IT AIN'T MY HOME.
IT'S MY BOY'S HOME.
BUT PA WANTS YOU.
NO, HE DON'T.
HE DON'T.
OH, HE SAYS HE DOES
BECAUSE I'M HIS PA,
BUT HE DON'T REALLY.
BUT HE DOES.
WE ALL DO.
WE LOVE YOU.
YOU WERE
HAPPY THERE.
I KNOW YOU WERE.
BUT I SHOULDN'T BE.
DEAR GOD...
WHY DIDN'T
I BRING HER?
WHY?
WE'LL GO NEXT YEAR,
I'D TELL HER...
WHEN THINGS
ARE BETTER.
I'LL HAVE
A CROP IN MAYBE,
AND I CAN TELL
MY BOY HOW GOOD
I'M DOING.
NEXT YEAR. ALWAYS
NEXT YEAR.
YOUR PA KNOWS.
EVERY TIME
HE LOOKS AT ME,
I CAN SEE IT.
OH, HE TRIES
TO HIDE IT,
BUT I CAN TELL...
HE'S THINKING
ABOUT HER...
THINKING OF HOW
I LET HER DIE
WITHOUT SEEING
HIM AGAIN...
WITHOUT BEING
CLOSE TO HER LOVED
ONES AGAIN.
I CAN'T GO BACK.
GO HOME.
PLEASE GO HOME.
MISTER?
YES, YOUNG LADY?
WHERE'S YOUR NEXT
TRAIN TO?
Clerk: BOSTON.
Laura: I'D LIKE
A TICKET, PLEASE.
Clerk: I THOUGHT
YOUR GRANDPA WAS
GOING TO WISCONSIN.
NO. I'M
GOING TO BOSTON.
I HAVE MONEY.
WELL, NOW, LET ME
JUST CHECK WHAT TIME
THAT TRAIN'S DUE IN.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
[TELEGRAPH TAPPING]
GOING TO BOSTON.
YOU ARE NOT!
I AM TOO.
I WAS GOING TO RUN AWAY
FROM HOME ANYWAYS.
THE ONLY REASON
I WAS STAYING
WAS BECAUSE
OF YOU AND BUNNY.
NOW YOU'RE BOTH GONE.
I'LL JUST BE
ON MY WAY.
YOU'RE NOT
TALKING SENSE!
WELL, NEITHER DO YOU...
AND I'M SUPPOSED
TO UNDERSTAND.
NOW, YOU
LISTEN TO ME!
NO, I WON'T.
THAT'S THE TROUBLE.
I HAVE TO LISTEN
TO EVERYBODY...
GO TO SCHOOL
WHEN I DON'T WANT TO...
CHORES ALL THE TIME...
MARY ALWAYS
BOSSING ME AROUND...
CARRIE JUST DOING
AS SHE PLEASES.
WELL, NO MORE.
LAURA, YOUR FAMILY
LOVES YOU.
DON'T MATTER.
I WANT TO BE
LIKE YOU.
PEOPLE LOVE YOU,
BUT YOU DON'T CARE.
JUST TOO BUSY THINKING
ABOUT YOUR OWN SELF.
WELL, WHY CAN'T I?
YOU THINK I'M LIKE
GRANDMA, BUT I'M NOT.
I'M LIKE YOU.
I LOVE YOU...AND...
HOW MUCH LONGER
DO YOU THINK?
COUPLE HOURS--
LOST A LOT OF TIME
LAST NIGHT IN THAT FOG.
EDWARDS.
WHOA!
PRAISE BE.
HEY, YOU HAD US
WORRIED TO DEATH.
IT'S ALL
RIGHT, PA.
EVERYTHING'S
ALL RIGHT NOW.
YOU GOING TO COME
HOME WITH US, PA?
OF COURSE I AM!
LAURA AND ME
PROMISED
TO FETCH SUPPER
ON THANKSGIVING,
DIDN'T WE?
WELL, WE'RE KEEPING
THAT PROMISE, SON.
Laura: GRANDPA
STAYED WITH US THROUGH
THE LONG WINTER.
HE LAUGHED AND SANG
AND TOLD STORIES
ABOUT WHEN PA WAS LITTLE.
I HOPED HE WOULD STAY
WITH US FOREVER,
BUT WHEN SPRING CAME,
GRANDPA SAID HE HAD
TO JOURNEY HOME.
NO ONE WANTED HIM TO GO,
ESPECIALLY ME...
BECAUSE I LOVED HIM SO.
BEEN LOOKING ALL OVER
FOR YOU, CHILD.
YOUR PA AND ME
ARE JUST ABOUT
READY TO START.
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO GO, GRANDPA.
I HAVE TO GO.
YOUR GRANDMA'S
WAITING.
I DON'T KNOW
HOW LONG IT'LL BE
BEFORE I SEE HER,
BUT I GOT TO BE
CLOSE TO HER.
I GOT TO BE NEXT
TO HER WHEN I MAKE
MY JOURNEY.
AND WHEN I SEE HER,
THE FIRST THING
I'M GOING TO DO
IS TELL HER
ABOUT YOU.
I'LL TELL HER
EVERYTHING...
SO IT WILL BE
JUST LIKE SHE WAS
HERE WITH US.
IT'S KIND OF LIKE
I KEPT MY PROMISE
AFTER ALL, HUH?
NOW, GIVE ME
A SMILE.
I WANT TO BE
LOOKING AT THAT
SMILE WHEN I GO.
THAT'S IT.
SO MUCH LIKE
YOUR GRANDMA.
GOOD-BYE.
GRANDPA!
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU, CHILD.